Jai Hind friends, I am not a SEBI registered
advisor brother.  Here we will talk
about many stocks that give bonus split dividend results.  The
first company to come is Yes Trading
Finance LED.  The
company has fixed the meeting date on 4th April 2026 i.e. tomorrow.   The
company is going to give stock split and other
business matters will also be discussed here.
₹134 is the current price.  Ah Megham Organic just
covered this though.  There
is a board meeting on 4th April for amalgamation, please
check here, the current price is ₹45.  And
Farma Limited had covered this also.
It also has a board meeting on April 6
for buyback.  This company is giving buyback
and there is another company which is
giving buyback to us right now.  Its record date has also
come to an end.  Maybe we will see his name below.  The
rent price is traded at ₹133.
Whenever bonus or buyback is announced,
I update you guys by making a video.
Everyone, don't forget to subscribe to the channel.  Okay, right?  And if you
guys need some updates, big or small,
I also have a Facebook page.  I will
pin its link in the comments for you guys.   Please
subscribe to the app and
there also any company gets the order word of bonus split buyback right issue
merger demerger, then
I will make a reel on that and
give it to you within 1 minute because now to
make a video 101 news are required, only
then I will make it together, so please
all of you must follow, I
mean the Facebook page, right,
you will get the link in the comments
[nasal sound] one more company is
Agarwal, there is some company here, this company is going to
raise funds, maybe
this company can give right issue.  Its board meeting has also been scheduled on 6th April.
₹83
is the current price.  Paka is a company.  There
is a board meeting on April 7 to issue preferential shares.
Alka India is right there.  The
company has fixed a meeting date on April 7 to declare the results
and to declare dividend and
bonus.
Its current price is trading at ₹16.
You will see the next list there.  So the
next list will come here Global
Multiventure Limited board
meeting is scheduled on 6th April for quarterly results,
current price is ₹15 Ema Technology
board meeting is on 6th April for fund raising
and quarterly result will come, current price is ₹26
AVG Logisticed
board meeting has been scheduled on 6th April for right issue,
meaning for issuing equity shares,
right issue is ₹127 current
price Sharp Chucks & Machines Limited
means board meeting has been scheduled on 6th April
for fund raising, so probably right
issue will come, current price is ₹147 Sameera Agro
& Infrad board meeting is on 6th April to
declare results and there are other
business matters as well, current price is ₹9
Panther Industries board
meeting is on 8th April here for arrangement, please
check this here also, it is for scheme of
arrangement, right, let's
say for demerger, in a way if you
look here, it is Sharp Investment.  Here
also the board meeting has been scheduled on 8th April.
For other business matters contact F Make
International Financial Services Ltd.   The
board meeting is scheduled for March 8 to
issue pay and bonus at the
current price around ₹8384.  Jindal
is some committee.  There is a board meeting on 8th April.
₹62 is the current price for result declaration.
Lee Merritt Ah who is Ah
Export Limited.  There is a meeting on 8th April to
declare stock split. The
rate price is ₹443.  There's also the GM Brewer LED.  The
board meeting has been scheduled for April 9, not 8.  The
results will be declared and the
company will also declare dividend.  ₹155
is the current price.  Our next share will come
here, PAE Limited.  The
board meeting has been scheduled for April 9 for results
, dividend and also for bonus
shares to be issued by the company.  Ah, the next
stock will come, TCS board
meeting is on 9th April.  Result Plus will
also declare the result for dividend and will
also give dividend.  ₹2450 is the current price.
Galaxy Agrico Export LED
Board meeting is scheduled on 9th April
for other business matters.  Anand Rathi Wealth
also has a board meeting on April 9.  Result
Plus will declare dividend.  ₹3200
is the current price here.  ST Dot Limited
is infraited, there is a
board meeting on 9th April for right issue,
current price is ₹220, VLS
Finance LED has a board meeting on 10th April
for other business matter, current price is ₹221,
Vergo Glob LED is also having a board meeting here on 10th April,
ah reduction capital, so the same
share capital will be reduced, Swaraj
Engine is there, the engineer is there.  AH
will declare the results on April 13 and will
also declare dividend.  There is a board meeting.
₹3545 is the current price of ICICI Prudential
MC.  There is a board meeting on 13th April.   There
is also ₹2844 IMCON for declaring the result.  The board meeting has been scheduled for the 14th.
Result Plus Dividend will give ₹1554 at current
price.  ICICI is Principal L.  There
is a board meeting on 14th April.  It is
also seen trading at a current price of ₹53 for Result Plus Dividend.
Ah Econ
Engineering LED as well.  There
is a board meeting on 15th April.  The current price for Result Plus Dividend is
₹388.  There is also ICICI LBRD.  There
is a board meeting on 15th April.  The
current price for Result Plus Dividend is around ₹1700.
HDB Financial Services
Limited.  There
is a board meeting on 15th April.  The current price for Result Plus Dividend is ₹578.  If we
talk about CRISIL, there
is a board meeting on 16th April.  ₹3700 Current Price
to declare Quarterly Result Plus Dividend.
Wipro
board meeting is scheduled for April 16.
₹195 is the current price for result declaration.
HDFC L Insurance LED has a board meeting on 16th April.  The
current price for Result Plus Dividend is ₹566.  There is also HDFC AMC.  There
is a meeting on 16th April.
₹2345 current price for result plus dividend.  We will
talk about jail one.  There is a board meeting on 16th April.
₹240
is the current price for result declaration.  HDFC Bank has a board meeting on April 18.
₹750 is the current price for the result plus dividend declared.
ICICI Bank also has a board meeting on April 18.  The
current price for Result Plus Dividend is ₹115.  If you liked the video, please like it.